hi guys in this video I'm going on
biggest video oh sorry the best 20 total
play patch 2040 I hope you understand
what actually take okay the first thing
you must be you must root for and this
second thing is the living in mind
arranged description that this is APK
file and secondly if the data files that
if you have the data of the past two
thousand turf and all basically trev you
can stay there you can stay like this if
you have a home Konami person to ask
question 1.0 from data you don't
need to download the data file only
minor description I hope you also i hope
you understand why i'm clean after that
store AP file
I already started so I need to enjoy it
to your story again sorry with sorry so
after you install the after you showed a
ticket but you must stall the flock
picture already stole it so go to like a
picture where you can look past to just
press 0 it remove in savory kitchen and
auto manor after you complete all of
this just
boy are they like this space guys this
game SI desde tip asia has a lisa
indonesia talent i really like it can
see plain image you can look my
nationality malaysia and my rival sir
indonesia can see it here AAPL the ppl
he has a crystal place sorry khadi city
distance place whole city and the great
thing is to see head cup now fo fifa
world cup 2014 Brussels okay okay
this all guys thanks for watching guys I
hope you answer all my saying today and
again thanks watching guys please
subscribe me or comment my video thank
you goodbye